Replace no_std feature with std feature (#48)
rust-embedded-community/rust-measurements: README.md

The crate contains few features to disable or enable certain functionalities:

> * std

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `std`
```

>     * Enables functionality that Rust std library provides instead of using libm for some maths functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Enables functionality that Rust standard library provides instead of using `libm` for some math functions
```
